docs: Add features diagram (#744)
input-output-hk/partner-chains: docs/intro.md

### Features

#### Features Overview

The diagram below gives an hierarchical overview of the different features provided by this toolkit and their
respective dependencies (where `a -> b`means that `b` depends on functionality provided by `a`):

<p align="center">
  <img src="./diagrams/features.svg" alt="" />
</p>

- **primitives and utils**: Utility libraries and custom Substrate primitives used by all other
features.

> - **core**: Provides the genesis utxo and the main chain hash reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **core**: Establishes a chain as a Partner Chain by tying its identity to a `genesis utxo` on Cardano. Provides the mechanism for the Partner Chain's blocks to reference stable Cardano blocks.
```

> - **governed maps**: Governance controlled key-value stores on the main-chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **governed map**: Governance controlled key-value store on the Cardano main chain.
```

- **native token management**: Provides governance controlled tokens and token reserve management.

> - **address association**: Provides registrations and mappings between cardano delegation keys and PC addresses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **address association**: Provides a mechanism for users to establish a mapping between their identities on Cardano and the Partner Chain
```

> - **committee selection**: Provides the cardano-based committee selection using the ariadne algorithm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **committee selection**: Provides a Cardano-based committee selection using the Ariadne algorithm.
```

> - **cardano based block production rewards**: Calculation of rewards for delegation and block
> production on cardano.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Cardano-based block production rewards**: Calculation of rewards for Partner Chain block producers
and their Cardano delegators.
```
